Update short descriptions of sample apps (#132)
miroapp/app-examples: examples/asset-search/README.md

### About the app

> This sample app shows how to implement asset search and filtering by name and tags. \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample app shows how to implement asset searching and filtering by name and tags. \
```

> This sample app shows how to implement asset search and filtering by name and tags. \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample app shows how to implement asset searching and filtering by name and tags. \
```

> Built in React off the [`create-miro-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-miro-app) React/Typescript starter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app uses React off the [`create-miro-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-miro-app) React/Typescript starter.
```
